feat: fcc-todo-app (#51367)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-localstorage-by-building-a-todo-app/64ff068e0426eb288874ed79.md

---
id: 64ff068e0426eb288874ed79
title: Step 52
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-52
---

# --description--

> You can use `localStorage.removeItem()` to remove an item and `localStorage.clear()` to clear all items in the local storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use `localStorage.removeItem()` to remove a specific item and `localStorage.clear()` to clear all items in the local storage.
```

Reviewer 2: @Ksound22

It looks like this conversation hasn't been resolved yet

> Remove the `data` item from local storage and open the console to see what happens. You should see `null`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove the `data` item from local storage and open the console to observe the result. You should see `null`.
```

# --hints--

> You should use `localStorage.removeItem()` to remove `data` from the browser `local storage`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should use `localStorage.removeItem()` to remove the `data` item from the browser's local storage.
```
